Job Report:
- Address Video Player Crush Issue
  - Kill the `timeline` corroutine, waiting for `timeline` destroyed, then teardown the `VideoPlayer` scene.
  - Search for Unity `VideoPlayer` on IOS, and there was a `AVPlayerViewController` of swift class used in underlying layer. It's GCed by the OS when no remaining strong references. Unity automatically create and manage this layer. I found that I have a `RenderTexture` was used globally due to I want to switch between video views efficently and it was somehow related to `VideoPlayer` killing process. So I destory the `RenderTexture` instance and inspect that if Unity still referening the `VideoPlayer` when I change scene. The result shows the `VideoPlayer` was killed.
  - I recreate `RenderTexture` from script and destory it at runtime when I change scene.
  - For testing, I manually cycled through all 28 videos in 8 scenes. Keep the app opened for 1 hour. There was no black screen and app crush error shown.
  - For testing, I turn off screen lock of iPad, and I will keep the app open until tomorrow, to test if the crush occur again.
- Turn off authorization gaurd for only our devices
  - I trun off the authorization gaurd. and rebuild the app to a new Meta Quest device. 
  - **Oculus Installation:** I install the app on the new Meta Quest and put videos in, it took me **15 minutes**.
  - **IOS Installation:** I install the app on iPad and put videos in, it took me **40 minutes**. Due to NAS HD drive working too slow. The reason I transfer data from NAS to iPad is because there are only 16GB remaining space on Julie's Mac. Julie said she will clean up the disk tomorrow and I will put the videos on Julie's Mac for installation.
- I suggest install a SSD on our NAS, but i know nothing about NAS setup. Let's discuss someday.

Future Work
- Julie need to free up >30GB space of this Mac for future iPad VR360 installation.
- Wait for Julie give me the correct video timecode.
- Ask someone doing manual end-to-end test.