
### Items
- Check List & Pen * 4
- Machines
    - IGX 
    - Monitor
    - Laptop
    - UPS
    - Olympus
- Cables
    - IGX Power Cable
    - Monitor Power Cable
    - Laptop Power Cable
    - UPS Power Cable
    - DP to HDMI Cable
    - HDMI to DVI Cable
    - Extension Cord
    - RJ45 Cable
- Adapter
    - 110V/220V Adapter * 4
    - HDMI 1 to 2 Socket Box
    - HDMI 1 to 2 Power Cable
    - USB Charger
- Periphrals
    - Keyboard
    - Mouse
### Actions
- Actions at Sunday night
    - Check all Items avalible
    - charge the UPS.
    - sufficient disk space
    - disable network
    - test video input
    - error log location
    - Rehreshal the setup with @BoAnTsai @Manchi L. ,pls refer the section Actions in OR.
    - Put back all items to the luggage, and don’t use it until enter the OR.
- Actions in OR
    - Take out all items to the workspace
    - Check all Items avalible.
    - Put IGX, Monitor, UPS, Laptop at right place.
    - Plug UPS and Power on, use extension cord if need.
    - Plug IGX, Monitor to UPS.
    - Use DP to HDMI cable connect IGX and Monitor.
    - Use HDMI to DVI Cable connect IGX and Olympus, use HDMI 1 to 2 if needed.
    - Connect Mouse to IGX
    - IGX Power on
    - Inspect if IGX boot correctly, if not, fix it.
    - Inspect if Urology App start correctly, if not, fix it.
    - Inspect if the Network Error is not shown, if it’s shown, check the network settings.
    - Inspect if the monitor shows the holoviz view , if not. fix it.
    - Inspect if the holoviz view shows the camera view, if not, call david immidiately.
    - Turn off IGX, if it pending on turning off, connect laptop via RJ45 cable to IGX and use BMC shutdown.
    - Check all device shutdown
    - Check all Items again, and put unused items back to the laggage
