# **Smart360 User Manual**

## **Index**

### 1. Introduction

### 2. Hardware
- 2.1 What’s in the Box?
- 2.3 Headset:
  - 2.3.1 Powering On/Off the Headset
  - 2.3.2 Adjusting Volume
  - 2.3.3 Turning the Screen On/Off
  - 2.3.4 Wearing the Headset Properly
  - 2.3.5 Using the Proximity Sensor (Preventing Auto Screen Off)
  - 2.3.6 Charging the Headset
- 2.4 Controller:
  - 2.4.1 Changing the Controller Batteries

### 3. Operating System
 - 3.2 Setting Up the Stationary Boundary
 - 3.1 Basic Selection
 - x.x Toggle Universal Menu
 - x.x App Library

### 4. Smart360
 - 

The app is mainly for medical educational purpose. The basic concept of this app. we use some terms, `Module`, `Edition`, `Staff`, `Video`, `StaffGroup` and `SurroundingVideo`.
- Module: a module contains several editions. usually it indicate a problem.
- Edition: an edition contains several videos. usually it indicate a different senario would happen when solving a problem.
- StaffGroup: a staff group contains several staffs. include Docker, Nurse, and others.
- Staff: the role who wearing GoPro to film the video.
- Video: It was film by a GoPro worn by a staff. it was contained in an edition. and there is a `startTime` indicate when this staff join this senario.
- SurroundingVideo: Film by a 360 camera. usually put on the center of the room. and this video clip play in the background of the skybox.

And there are 2 scene(Unity scene) in this app. `Lobby` and `Theater`.
- `Lobby`: This is the scene you can view all the Modules and Editions. You can select an edition and enter the theater. You quit the application from here. you can see a `MainMenuWindow` on the center of the scene. 
  - `MainMenuWindow`: contains a `ModuleTabGroup` on the left and a `EditionButtonGroup` on the right. when you select a `ModuleTab` from the `ModuleTabGroup` the `EditionButtonGroup` will fill with `EditionButton`s that indicate the `Edition` belong to the `Module` you selected. And when you select an `EditionButton`. you will enter the `Theather`.
- `Theater`: This is the scene you can view and play with all the `Video`s and the `SurroundingVideo` contained in a selected `Edition`. You can control the theater timeline, play/resume, pause, fast forward/backward, drag timeline. You can select a staff an view from there view. you can toggle the visibiliy of staff view window. you can drag the staff view window to adjust it to a proper position. you can toggle the visibility of the menu on the left controller. You can leave the theater to the lobby.