### Prompt
pls validate these questions. as strict as possible. 
### Questions
In this chapter we have covered some of the most important concepts in Machine
Learning. In the next chapters we will dive deeper and write more code, but before we
do, make sure you know how to answer the following questions:
1. How would you define Machine Learning?
2. Can you name four types of problems where it shines?
3. What is a labeled training set?
4. What are the two most common supervised tasks?
5. Can you name four common unsupervised tasks?
6. What type of Machine Learning algorithm would you use to allow a robot to walk in various unknown terrains?
7. What type of algorithm would you use to segment your customers into multiple groups?
8. Would you frame the problem of spam detection as a supervised learning problem or an unsupervised learning problem?
9. What is an online learning system?
10. What is out-of-core learning?
11. What type of learning algorithm relies on a similarity measure to make predictions?
12. What is the difference between a model parameter and a learning algorithm’s hyperparameter?
13. What do model-based learning algorithms search for? What is the most common strategy they use to succeed? How do they make predictions?
14. Can you name four of the main challenges in Machine Learning?
15. If your model performs great on the training data but generalizes poorly to new instances, what is happening? Can you name three possible solutions?
16. What is a test set and why would you want to use it?
17. What is the purpose of a validation set?
18. What can go wrong if you tune hyperparameters using the test set?
19. What is cross-validation and why would you prefer it to a validation set?

### Answers
1. Machine Learning is a process that a program take the data from experiance and perform a task, inpect the outcome performace and imporve itself.
2. Writing Reconigion, Object detection, Large Language Model and generate image.
3. A label traning set is a set of raw data plus some attribtues human manually add to them.
4. Detection, Recogniation.
5. Play Go, clustring.
6. Supervised, Online, Model-based Manchine learning.
7. Unspuervised, Batch, Instance-based learning.
8. Supervised.
9. An online learning system is that you can feed new data even after learning, and it don't need to re-learn all the data again.
10. I don't know.
11. Instance-based learning.
12. a model's prameter is determined from the traning process, and the hyperparameter are set at the begining.
13. Model-based learning algorithms search for a model that could predict well without remembering the instances/regression/they prediction by use the model to do inference.
14. Poor data, Sample Bias, Overfitting, Unrelavent data.
15. It might be overfitting. Three possible solutions might be: reduce the complexity, add more data, generalize the data.
16. a test set is for validate how good the model is when you train the model from only training set.
17. The validation set is another set of data that if you try lot different way to learning something and choose the best performs one on test set, you will likely want to validate it by validation set to see if it perform as well as in test set, or just luckly this test set fit for that way.
18. It will make the test result good but bad in real scenario.
19. the cross-validation is for valiadate on different way of training on the same traning set and test set. to prevent if the traning way just happenly fit to the test set.